# About the name ioFloa
StormGeo Weather Insights is undergoing a transformation, and our new flagship product is reflecting this transformation by communicating invaluable insights enabling in-the-moment decisions with complete confidence. Since the inception more than 20 years ago, the company has primarily been providing weather forecasts. Today, we are moving towards using data science to not only forecast the weather, but also forecasting and enabling communication of future events.

In order to communicate its current business in a better way, and to manifest StormGeo’s Weather Insights shared ambition to prevent business disruptions using data science and enabling efficient communication, StormGeo will introduce a new, common product name for its next generation flagship product; ioFloa [ʌɪˈəʊ fləʊ/i-o-Flow].
The word ioFloa is a combination of two words; I/O is short for input/output – the way humans or other devices communicate with a computer, while floa is Old Norse for flow which can describe the motion of a electrons, gas or liquids, the fundament of geophysics, a deluge, exchange of information or motion of people, or everything that is not constant, but has a clear direction.

The name brings associations to the fundamentals of digital weather driven insights – to input information and get an output carries a strong association with computers and science, desirable for services that want to be associated with technology. Flow is also a fundamental principle in atmospheric and ocean science, describing everything from fluid and heat flows, to large scale phenomena like atmospheric rivers, and how currents rise from the bottom of our oceans, transporting heat around the globe. Flow is also a reminiscent of pleasant childhood memories, of warm winds stroking your hair and cheek reminding you to stay calm, but also a reminder for our clients, their importance ensuring electricity flows through the grid, oil and gas flows through the pipes, or people and goods being in undisrupted motion around the world.
ioFloa is a Norse variant of a international word, which is both common and uncommon to us. It is short, distinct, modern, and easy to remember. ioFloa will take us into the future, with great ambitions of becoming the best weather powered digital ecosystem in the world.
